Remember.
OK. So as we have been doing
this time, we'll also see either
graphic novel as you can see
right now, they tell the story.
So describe what you see and
what is happening as you go
through the story. OK. I can't
remember, am I picking up from
the last time or is this a whole
new story? This should be, it's,
it's a whole new, whole new
story. OK. All right.
Oh boy. OK.
#START_arrival_3 So we have kind
of like a black and white
charcoal type of picture scene
here there is a picture of a.
Young man probably like early
teens out on the streets. He's
wearing black pants, black
shoes, a white shirt, black
jacket or coat, and he's got a
hat on.
And he is holding some.
Folded papers that have some
kind of language written on
them, almost as if he might be
selling newspapers. That's what
it kind of looks like to me,
like he's a a newspaper boy.
Um, we also have a picture of a
woman kind of middle-aged.
Who is holding an animal that is
very reminiscent of a cat? It's
a little bit different, but it's
it's very similar to a cat and
there's she's kind of looking
off to the side. There's another
woman kind of standing in front
of her, looking the opposite way
we have a picture of.
A man.
Just Scroll down so I can.
Maybe I can't see it. There's a
picture of a man also out on the
street, and he has a little
cart, almost kind of like a
little hot dog vendor, like a
little hot dog cart.
It has.
It has some kind of there's a
little basket on the other side
where there's an animal that's
kind of sitting in the basket
peering out.
And I'm not even sure what kind
of an animal that resembles um.
But he's he's kind of smaller in
size, dark. He's got little
spikes that begin on the top of
his head and go down his back.
Maybe kind of like a squirrel
but with spikes and then on the
cart there appears to be.
Like maybe a tea or coffee urn
of some sort. Like a like a
kettle or an urn. And there's a
center part.
That is tall, that sticks out.
And it looks like there's steam
coming from that, so I would
imagine that that cart has some
kind of a.
A heating system for to keep
warm whatever is stored in the
cart and served, and then
there's a little pop up on the
other side where the top of the
cart kind of lifts up a little.
Uh.
Section in the man is reaching
into the cart, but I can't quite
tell what is inside of the cart.
And then in the last picture
there is a man and a woman.
They are holding like very large
eggs.
And there's a crate, like like a
wooden crate that the eggs are
in. The man is holding one egg
in his arm. The woman is picking
up an egg in her arms, and then
there's two more eggs left in
the crate.
Then we move to the next page
and we see.
We see a young boy.
And.
I would say probably a man may
potentially his father, maybe
the dad. The boy is standing
behind a chair and the dad is in
the chair, as if it looks like
they're at a Barber shop. The
dad has a white cloth draped
over his shoulders and his front
side kind of to protect him.
Kind of like you would get like
if you're at the salon or you're
getting you're at the barbershop
when you get your hair cut.
And the dad has.
I all three of them have hats
on. The little boy and the dad
have like kind of cone shaped
hats and he has shaving cream on
his cheeks and his chin and he's
got his head tilted back while
The work the man who works there
is got like a.
A straight razor and he's
appears to be shaving him. The
man that works there is wearing
like more of a white pillbox
style hat. He's got on a long
white sleeve, long kind of
buttoned down shirt and white
slacks. And the boy has on like
a dark colored jacket and
slacks. And there are little
there's little snails that have
like little feet.
Underneath of them, so they are
able to walk on feet and they
are kind of on the ground
surrounding these three.
Very odd, OK.
In the next picture we have.
A man who is sitting down
wearing a very long dark kind of
like trench coat, overcoat type
of a coat. He's also got a looks
like maybe dress shoes. They
look a little shiny. He's
wearing black slacks and maybe
has like a black bow tie and
like a top hat type of a hat.
And he is playing an instrument
that is similar to.
Like an accordion, because he's
got his hands one hand on each
side. But in this on the front
center part of the accordion,
there is another piece that
comes out.
That is.
Uh, I don't know. Kind of like a
it's.
It's got like it's like a
trumpet shaped, yeah metal piece
that sticks out but it's it's
longer than a trumpet almost
kind of like maybe a.
Well, I don't know. I don't
know. It's like it's a mixture
of like an accordion or some
kind of brass trumpet, tuba
clarinet type of, well,
clarinets win, but some kind of
metal piece and they're
connected. And he has a music
stand in front of him that he's
looking at and there appears to
be a music book or some kind of
sheet music in front of him. And
then off to his side is another
man.
Also wearing all black with
dress shoes and a hat, and he is
playing something very similar
to a violin. And they're sitting
outside on the street. There's
some brick behind them, so
they're in front of some kind of
a brick building and there are
little birds that are down on
the ground at their feet kind of
all around them.
In the next picture we see.
There's.
Three women that are kind of
sitting next to one another and
then off kind of to their side
is a row of another two women.
They're sitting in front of some
kind of brick wall, but the wall
has writing on it.
Like etched into the brick.
And I can't tell what language
it is, but it's it's some kind
of a language. Uh. And then in
front of these three women is a
pot that you can see steam
coming out of.
Uh, that's kind of on the
ground. They're sitting there.
The one woman all the way to the
right is holding open some kind
of a book or paper, and the
woman next to her is knitting.
She has.
Something that she's knitting in
her lap. And then the third
woman has some kind of an
animal. It's appears like it's
got tall, it's white with tall
pointy ears, kind of like a
Bunny rabbit. And she's kind of
holding that on the lap. And the
woman with the Bunny rabbit and
the woman with the.
Knitting materials are both
looking over to the woman who
has this book or these.
But I guess it's a book in her
lap.
And they're kind of looking
over, down at her hands towards
the book.
In the last picture we see again
a street scene with a man
standing kind of just inside,
just into the road. Just off of
the sidewalk. Behind him is.
A man and.
Possibly a little boy, a little
boy or a little girl. Definitely
looks like a younger person. And
there's also a man on a bicycle
behind him. But this particular
man is standing in the street.
He's holding a suitcase in his
left hand. He's got on dark
slacks, looks like maybe like a
a vest of some sort, a white
collared shirt and then a
jacket. And he also has on a
hat.
And he is. He's got his right
hand up to his chin and he's
looking off to his right.
Then we see a picture of the man
who was holding this suitcase
and he opens up he's got a
pocket watch that he opens up
and he pulls out the pocket
watch and he looks at the time
and then he looks up at.
What appears to be a building
can't tell if it's a church or
some kind of a building that
has.
A round circular.
Clock.
On the front of it. But the
clock does not have hands, it's
more of.
Looks like some kind of like a
mechanical.
Type of clock, like you might
see on a watch, but it doesn't
have numbers or hands. It's more
like the mechanical parts. I
don't. I don't know how else to
describe that.
Then we see the man walking
across the street. He's still
holding his luggage, he's got
his luggage in his right hand.
He's crossing. There's other
people crossing the street and
he crosses over.
And he is. He's walking down the
sidewalk. There's a man behind
him sitting on the curb with
maybe reading something.
He proceeds to walk further down
the the street. He's now passing
a building that has some arched
doorways on it, and it looks
like maybe a string of.
Looks like there's lights.
Maybe it was a string of lights,
but now it looks like they're
just like little floating.
Lights almost kind of like you
would see stars in the sky.
The man looks up and he sees
these lights.
And it looks like he tries to
touch one of the lights, the
floating lights. They're just
around little circles of light.
And when he does, his hat.
Comes off of his head, kind of
like blows off of his head.
And he reaches down to pick up
the hat and place it back on his
head.
And he realizes that the hat
fell on this some sort of a map.
It looks like a map. It's got
letters and words. It's got
arrows in different directions.
It's got some circles. So I
don't know if it's a street map
or what, but it's some kind of a
map.
And the man leans down. He says
his luggage down. He leans down
and he pulls out a book.
Um, that's got writing on it.
And he's reading a page in the
book when another man comes up
kind of behind him and over his
shoulder, and reaches his hand
out towards the man, and the man
looks up to the second man
reaching his hand out.
Umm.
The so the two of them the man
obviously stands up and.
Begins a conversation with this
other man. This particular man
is dressed in all white. He's
got like on a white, like a
short collared shirt that
buttoned down partially. It
looks like he's got some kind of
beaded necklace around his neck.
He's also got on like a white.
Pillbox style hat, but it does
have some fabric that hangs down
in the back and it looks like
they're having a conversation.
And it looks like the.
Original man at is asking this
other man a question. He then
pulls out his book that has
blank paper and he begins to
draw something. And he writes
something on the left side of
the page inside the the
notebook, and then on the right
side he draws a picture of a bed
with a pillow and a blanket and
a window.
And the second man says, ah,
yes.
And he.
He must say follow me because he
kind of motions with his arms
for the man to come with him.
And then the second man picks up
a basket that he places on his
back, almost kind of like a
backpack. And there is another
little animal that is kind of
sitting in the basket looking
out.
Don't know what kind of animal
this is. Possibly.
I don't know, kind of like a
possum. He's got a very narrow.
Mouth. It's almost kind of like
a beak. Yeah. And then he has
two ears that are kind of tall.
They're they're good size that
are tall and thin. Kind of kind
of like a Bunny rabbit.
And the man with the suitcase
picks up his suitcase and he
follows this other man and the
animal. #END_arrival_3 OK, that
was good. OK, so then moving on
to the next item.
Um, it is. As you can tell, the
drawing is by the same artist,
but it's gonna be a different
it's a new story. Yep. OK.
#START_arrival_6 Alright, so we
have again in these charcoal
type drawings, black and white
charcoal type drawings, we have
a picture of a like a little
pot, like a little clay pot that
is.
Sitting on a.
Looks like a a desk or a vanity
and behind it kind of against
the wall is a mirror. But we
don't realize it's a mirror
right away. But there is light
that is reflected.
Maybe it's not a mirror. I feel
like it's a mirror. Yeah, but
there is light reflected.
Uh.
Behind this little clay pot and
then in the next picture we see.
We see something, some kind of
like animal or insect fly down.
To the pot.
It is.
phew
It's got two small legs on the
bottom side.
It is.
Small enough to easily fit into
this pot.
And it's got wings kind of like
a bird. They're kind of curved
on the bottom side and then they
also kind of curve on the top to
kind of create.
like a
I don't know.
Trying to think of what shape
that is, kind of like a kind of
looks like a perogie to me or
something like that.
And then it has.
Potentially like a whisker on
each side of its little face and
then on the backside it has a
little bit of a tail, kind of a
long tail that's splits into
two, kind of like a cocktail
fork at the very end.
Anyway, he this little animal
lands onto the pot.
And then it dives into the pot,
it goes down into the pot and
hides. And in that picture we
can clearly see now that there
is, I think it's a mirror and
that there is an oil lamp and
there's a picture of a man
sitting at the desk he's holding
like a fountain pen and he is
writing something on a piece of
paper.
Uh, in the next picture.
We see.
The man. It's a close up of the
man writing.
On this piece of paper.
Uh, there's a couple of bills
that are on the table. It looks
like it's some sort of money,
and it looks like there's.
Possibly like a pepper shaker.
It looks like it's like a glass
container with a lid on the top,
and it's filled about 1/3, maybe
1/3 of the way with like a dark
grain of some sort. It looks to
me like a potentially a pepper
shaker. And the man, after he's
done writing, he begins to fold
the paper into the shape of a
triangle, and then you realize
that he is folding the paper the
triangle.
Into like an origami bird. It's
got like a little beak, it's got
wings. And he puts this little
origami bird into an envelope.
He puts the money into the
envelope and then he licks the
seal on the envelope and he
places a stamp in the top right
corner.
He then takes.
He then gets up and goes
downstairs. We see him walking
down a set of stairs. He has
this envelope in his left hand
and he's accompanied by this
little animal that I feel like
we've seen before in other
stories. It's a little white
animal.
It's got like it's kind of like
the shape of like a an Oval kind
of like a blimp like that shape
and it's got 2 little ears on
the side and it does have like
kind of a long.
Tail and the man is now stops in
the street and he's talking to a
woman who is dressed in a long
dress. She's carrying a a larger
basket in her right hand that
has some kind of an animal in it
because we can see the tail
sticking out. And she has like a
scarf kind of covering over her
head. We can't see her face, but
she has her left hand pointing.
And the man is showing her the
envelope, and she's pointing to
him. And so he takes he follows
in the direction that she tells
him, and he comes upon this
little.
Contraption. Uh, it's kind of.
It's. It's kind of like a box,
but then it has wings on the
side and kind of like a cone.
Like birthday cone type of a hat
that sits on the top of it. It
has.
2 doors it has.
It has a posting on the right
side of some. It's got some kind
of writing and then to the left
of that is an opening and it's
got 2 doors. It looks like 2
wooden doors that maybe slide
opens and then below that there
are a bunch of little like
buttons or knobs like control
buttons or knobs. So the man
goes up to this contraption and
he reads the.
He reads what's written that's
posted on the top right and he
pulls one of the knobs. We can
now see in this picture that he
it's a knob and he pulls one of
the knobs out towards him and
when he does, the two doors open
up and he is able to place the
envelope inside of this little
box.
Then we see the man looking up
into the sky.
And you can see that this box,
this cone.
Piece that was on the top part
of the box is.
Is attached to a string that
leads to a very large white
round shaped object that appears
to be maybe of some kind of a
balloon, and it carries this
contraption away and then the
man turns with his little animal
and he walks down the hill.
{Alright, then we have is this a
new one? This is not just yeah,
this. OK, there isn't much on
this page so you can just
describe it really quickly.} OK,
we see, we see a series of
pictures that are again black
and white, although they be
they're really kind of brown.
And the first, the first six
pictures are like a very pale.
Brown and white, uh, the second
set of six changes and it
becomes a little bit warmer of a
warmer brown. The third set
becomes a little bit warmer and
then begins to get paler and
more muted until it fades out
into more of like a black and a
truer black and white type of a
a picture. And we'll start with
a leaf it's a picture of.
Don't know if it's the ground or
snow. I would say maybe snow and
there's a leaf. It is.
Kind of a shape, maybe like a
pear shape. It's kind of wide at
the bottom and then it curves
and is it goes to the top, it
points in and narrows. In the
second picture it appears that
there might be rain because we
see these little streaks all
throughout the picture and the
leaf kind of splits in half. And
the next picture you can see the
leaf splitting in half a little
bit more and the center stem is
kind of beginning to curl out of
there.
And in the next picture we see
it open a little bit more. The
stem is more prominent.
We see it really kind of open
wide, almost as if it's like a
butterfly type of like the leaf
is now split into two, so
they're almost kind of like
wings to this stem. And then in
the last picture on the top, we
see the leaves kind of wilt and
start to die. But the center
stem, the top part has like a
flower that is beginning to get
a little bit bigger. We moved to
the second set and.
The leaves have, are are really
kind of coming off of this stem
and the the center part of the
flower, the the flower face I
guess is getting bigger until
the leaves are completely off of
the stem at this point and we
can see that the face of the
flower kind of like a very
similar to like a sunflower. So
there's like these little petals
that go all the way around and
then a center like eye.
We see it in the next picture
very bright. There's like
little.
Looks like little birds in the
shape of a V that are kind of
flying around it. And it's it's
now the stem is now deeper into
the ground.
And the next picture we can see
some of the little pieces of the
flower are actually beginning to
come off.
Kind of like a dandelion, like
when those little pieces fall
off and then.
It appears that there's wind
because now when the next
picture more is blowing off,
more of these little pieces are
blowing off the flower until all
of those little pieces are gone
off the flower and it's just,
Umm, it does have a curvy kind
of back shape to it. And then it
does still have that little
round center, like like dial in
the center part of it.
When we moved to the third set
of pictures.
We can see now that the.
There's 12345, 6 kind of curved
scalloped.
Parts to the edge of the flower
and they have a little white
speck that is coming through and
each the center of each curve
part. Then we see in the next
picture what looks like
dragonflies to be flying around
it. You can see those little
white specks become a little bit
more prominent when the
dragonflies fly around.
Then we see them become even
bigger and they look like eggs.
These little white specks look
like eggs and the center part of
each petal of the flower.
Then we see some of these little
white.
Egg like pieces fall to the
ground and there is another
small animal.
That has kind of like a curl, a
long curved tail and very pointy
ears and a very long narrow
face, and they are over at the
little white pieces that have
fallen off of this flower. I
don't know if they're eating it,
but they're over on the ground
with these white pieces until
the white pieces are completely
gone from the flower and it all
kind of turns and fades into
just a.
Black flower with six scalloped
edges and then the last series
we see little pieces of the
black.
Parts of the flower are just
falling off. It does leave
behind still the scalloped
edges, but it's almost like a
webbing that's behind it, so
it's clear and you just see like
this webbing behind it and the
pictures progress until.
Most of the black has fallen off
and all that's left behind is
like this webbing of the of the
veins of the petals and the
flowers, and then the flower
actually just kind of starts to
get deeper into the snow.
{All right. These are hard.
Yeah, they're really hard.
They're so hard to describe.
It's definitely to move a little
faster, and I'm not sure you can
just be like.
You can just move on to the next
thing. OK, alright.}
We're back in this black and
white kind of charcoaled
picture. It's a scene, it's a,
it's a cityscape. It looks very
familiar to what we've
previously seen. But a cityscape
with these big kind of
industrialized buildings there
is, it does look like there's
some white on the ground and the
top of the building. So it would
look like it's a cold area where
they're potentially would be
snow, like a snowdrift that's
kind of fallen on this. Umm.
There are cone shaped.
Buildings and then there are
little keep calling them pots,
but they're like kind of little
pot shaped pieces that are on
top of the building you will see
some of the flying boats.
In here we see we do see a
building that has lots of
little.
Openings that would appear to be
like Windows maybe. And again
that's like a factory type
industrialized building. It's
got a lot of different chimneys
that have steam coming out of
them and then.
In the next picture we see kind
of a close up of some of this.
We do see a very large cone
shaped structure. We see kind of
a.
Tubular structure that has these
little pots of different sizes
that are on them and then
there's some round.
Round pieces, they look like
plates, they look like dinner
plates and they have a
triangular kind of geometric
pattern to them. We do see some
other buildings in the back. We
see some more of the.
Flying boats and some more of
the chimneys that have the steam
coming out of them.
All right, we're back and we see
a little pot and.
{Should I tie this into the
previous one or no? Do I always
pretend like they've never seen
the others?
This is 1 item, so definitely
back to if you've seen this in
this same set, then you can tie
it back because it tells the
story. Yes. OK, all right.} So
we see the little pot that we
previously saw on the desk that
had the little animal or insect
in it, and we can see the tips
of what appears to be 3 little
ones that are inside of the pot.
Another.
Animal, the same animal, maybe
the mom, it looks like maybe
there's babies inside of there.
The mom animal is flying back
down to the pot where the three
little babies are, and she lands
on the pot with their three
babies. And then we get a bigger
picture and we can tell that the
pot is kind of in the window of
this little apartment. There's
just inside of the apartment
from the window. Oh, now we
realize it's a window.
Not a mirror. We can see the
desk that we saw with the man
that was writing with the oil
lamp. We see the desk inside. We
can tell that there is clothes.
Clothes that are hanging off
like a clothesline with clothes
pins. We see some socks and
pants, maybe a towel or
handkerchief.
You see on the wall of the
apartment a bunch of letters and
maybe postcards that are pinned
against the wall. The desk also
has a bunch of books on it, and
there's two drawers. On the left
side of the desk there is a
chair that's got some clothing
hanging over it.
And then behind the desk we see
a bed. We see the man that had
drawn the picture of the bed. He
is sitting on the edge of the
bed looking at a frame, a framed
picture of him and his wife and
his child that I know we've
previously seen. He does have
his little white animal friend
is sitting behind him on the
bed. He's got his shoes off to
the right side and then to the
left. It looks like there's
another small little.
Bookshelf that has, uh, like a
vase with another animal tail
hanging out. And then in front
of that there's a bigger pot
it's got. It's kind of like a
round.
Pot, and it's got like a dome.
A domed style lid on it.
We see the little white animal
that's lying behind him on the
bed gets up and.
He gets off of the bed. The man
turns around to his right, still
holding the picture in his left
hand, and he watches as the
animal goes down. There's like a
little hole in the wooden floor
with a ladder, and he hops down
the ladder down into the wooden
floor and the male. The man,
follows behind him down the
ladder.
Where he sees the little animal
is next to the wall, where there
is a little opening of some
sort, and on the ground is a
letter.
And the man picks up the letter,
he opens up the letter and he oh
this is a different man.
Oh wait, I'm so confused. He
opens up the letter and out he
pulls this origami bird and then
and he opens up the origami bird
and it is the note that the
previous man had written. And he
goes to the window and he looks
out the window holding the note
up into the sky.
And we see a series of nine
pictures, 3, 3 vertical and
three horizontal.
Like, yeah. So that it's kind of
like a square. We see another
picture of an origami.
Animal of some sort. It's not a
bird though. It's got four legs
and it looks like it has, it
looks like the little white
animal actually kind of, it's
kind of got a tail. It's like an
origami of this little white
animal. In the second picture we
see some kind of a.
Oh what is this like a machine?
It's kind of like a cone top
shaped machine and on the inside
it's got kind of like the plates
that we saw in the other one.
It's got they're round plate
like type. There's two sizes,
the smaller one and a larger one
and they appear to have like
that triangular geometric shape
pattern to them.
We have a picture of a.
Like a a a rack, like a wooden
little rack with hooks on it
that would be affixed to a wall.
There's a picture of the man's
hat and then some kind of white
fabric that's hanging. There is
a bowl with something kind of
similar to like a cocktail fork.
There's only two sprongs on the
end and there are like tails,
kind of like that curve that are
coming out of the bowl and there
is a little egg off to the side.
There is a picture that looks
like it's been hand drawn by a
kid of the clouds and one of
those flying boats, and it has a
picture of a person in there,
one of the other ones that looks
like it has pictures of like the
sun.
We see.
I guess what is like a coffee
type of a urn, some something
that's metal that has like a
little bit of a spout on the
front side that somehow would
hold.
And pour out coffee, because we
do see a coffee cup and a saucer
sitting on top of a newspaper in
the next scene. Then we see this
picture of a man and a woman and
a little girl. And finally we
see the picture of the man's
hand giving the little girl a
coin at the table.
All right, now we can see the
bigger picture, and we've got
the man and the woman sitting at
the table. The woman is sitting
at one end. The man is sitting
next to her, and at the other
end is the little girl. She's
sitting in a chair with
something kind of draped over
one of the sides of the chair.
And we can see the food on the
table, the coffee cup. We see
the man giving the little girl
the coin.
We see the little animal, white
animal friend with the curved
tail is to the right of little
girl on the floor and he's kind
of looking up. It appears that
he might have his tongue out
trying to get some kind of food.
And then we can see against the
wall behind the mom, like maybe
the side of a fireplace that has
also a, a triangular geometric
pattern to it similar to those
plates does have little mantle.
And then there are there's a.
On the ledge of the wall we can
see the hook with the hat and
this fabric that's hanging.
Pictures that the little girl
has probably drawn that are
posted on the wall. Origami of
the little white animal, as well
as the family picture. Some
other pictures. A plant looks
like there's a vase with a large
flower sitting out of it and
then this little.
Contraption that's kind of cone
shaped that has the two little
plates on the inside. Then we
see the little girl in the next
picture putting on her boots.
They're like rain boots, like
plastic kind of rain boots. And
the little animal friend fetches
her her hat, she has like a
black knit hat. She puts her hat
on her head and she goes with
the animal friend down the
steps. She's they're now
outside, so they've gone out of
the house.
And they've gone down the steps
and they crossover. Looks like
they crossover some water. She
hops over, they both hop over
some water and there are these
little white lights. These
little white orbs that we saw
previously in the air are now on
the ground. And the little girl
points to one of them and she
picks it up in her left hand.
#END_arrival_6
OK. That was good. That was a
that part of the story. So OK,
another part, OK.
All right. We're back in the
same.
#START_arrival_5 Black, brown
and white charcoal, we see kind
of looking down on the edge of a
boating town. There is a dock,
there's we can see water at the
bottom of the picture. We can
see a boat that has I believe
three people in it and it is
rowing to shore, but there is a
little bit of like a boat ramp.
So it's very close to the ramp.
It does have some large.
Rocks to the left that kind of
are in the front of this.
Little.
Oh, what do you call it? It's.
It's like a bunch of different
housing and apartments that are
all connected together and kind
of built into the side of this
hill or this mountain. It's
really, I guess it's really a
hill, but the boat dock leads in
front of the.
The residences and the houses
and it leads kind of all the way
up and you can see there's
different boats lined up that
people would use instead of
cars. So you normally would park
your car there. You would you
instead have all these boats
lined up and it goes up the
hillside. On top of the
buildings are these little.
They're structures and there's
they're different sizes.
But they look like owls. They're
like structures that kind of
look like owls that you can see
the a real prominent kind of
flat nose and eyes and the arch
arches over the eyes and then
flat tops. You do see a bunch of
birds flying around at the very
top of it and you can kind of
see, I guess that's the sun off
in the distance.
We then see a pair of hands, a
pair of man's hands, and they
are.
Tying. They're putting rope
around a something that looks
like it's got like a cat's face,
but then the neck goes down into
the shape of a cone and he's got
like rope that he's putting
around this. Then we see him
holding a basket in his right
hand, and he's got on
suspenders, eyeglasses, he's got
a smile on his face and he's
holding his left hand open. And
there is another man off to his
right wearing a black coat.
In a Black Hat, we can't see his
face. Um. We then see a little
boy carrying a basket with a
little white animal behind him
to the left and a different.
Black animal, kind of more like
the shape of a cat with spikes
on the back and a longer tail is
off to his right he then.
Goes up the stairs and he.
Takes the basket.
To a woman who's wearing kind of
like a white patterned dress.
She's got dark brown hair. We
then see the man with his
glasses and suspenders. He's
carrying his basket and he goes
and he kisses the woman on the
cheek and she puts her arm
around the neck. And we see that
the man with the glasses and
suspenders has brought the other
man with the hat and the jacket
up and the woman put holds out
her hand and shakes the hand of
that the man with the.
Hat. She invites him in.
And then they cheers. There's
four hands that are toasting
with of glasses, drinking
glasses with some kind of liquid
in it, and they kind of cheers
each other. You can see the
woman take the items out of the
basket, one of which kind of
looks like a snail.
She then begins to.
Cut another.
Round kind of gourd like item in
the basket. It's dark on the
outside, but when she slices it
like a cucumber almost with like
a butcher knife, there's like a
round center part and then
there's a white. The rest of it
is white, but it does have like
white, she it does have dark,
kind of like spikes all around
it. She then begins to.
I don't know what she's doing in
this picture. It looks like
maybe that coffee urn.
That we've seen before she's
putting.
Something, maybe into the coffee
urn to grant that some in this
machine must make it into. Take
this and make it into a liquid.
Maybe it's a juicer and.
She then takes a cup.
And you can see her with.
Like a kind of like a paint
brush or like a pastry brush and
she is brushing.
What looks like might be a
chicken.
That's like ready to be cooked,
right? Then we see the ohh. Then
we see them all at the dining
table. We see the little boy at
one end. He's got his little.
Black cat friend and this little
white animal friend and he's
giving them some food from the
table. They're down on the
ground, but we see like a table
runner that is running across
the table. Across the table is
his mom. To his right is the man
who is their guest and then his
dad is to the left and we can
see plates and silverware and
food platters. We see a wine
glass all out on the table.
The mom is talking to the man
who is the guest and the dad is
cooking the food. He has this
contraption, it's kind of got
like a hose and it it shoots out
fire and he is holding like with
a pair of tongs, a piece of
food. And he's using this fire
to kind of cook the food at the
table.
Then we see a series of smaller
pictures. We can see the dad
drinking a glass of wine,
smiling. We see the mom
laughing. She's got a glass of
wine and and food on her plate.
We can see the man who's the
guest is eating. He's got like a
a fork and he's got a piece of
food on the fork. He's smiling.
We see the dad then after dinner
bring out this instrument that's
kind of like a xylophone. Again.
His hands are on each.
end and you can kind of expand
and contract contract this this
instrument it does have these
little like.
Tuba not tuba like trumpet type
of.
Things that come out of the top,
there's two on one side, one and
another. Then we have the mom
playing kind of like a flute,
but it has like a trumpet end.
And at the end of that it, I
swear there's like a either fire
or candle coming out of that.
Some kind of a light is coming
out of it, but she's playing it.
She's got it up to her lips and
she's using her fingers to cover
holes while she blows through
the instrument. And then we see
the boy playing something.
Kind of like a banjo. It's got
some strings. It's round and
he's playing that and we can see
his little Kitty cat friend is
smiling and laughing very, very
wide. The the man who's the
guest then pulls out some paper
that is kind of folded and he
makes a piece of he turns the
piece of paper into origami that
is kind of like this cat for the
little boy, and he gives it to
the little boy. Then the dad
opens up.
A little cabinet against he
pulls out a pot, and then he and
his wife were holding this pot
in their hands, and they I
believe they give it to the man.
Now we see this same pot sitting
on that desk. You're sitting on
a table or a desk in front of
this, this window. We see that.
The man rises from Brett from
bed. He he kind of sits up,
partially sits up, rubs his
eyes. He's wearing like a white
sleeveless tank top. We see the
little animal hop on his lap and
he pets the little white animal.
And then we see him get dressed.
He's buttoning his white button
down collared shirt. He slices
some kind of food with a paring
knife, and then he gives half of
the food.
To the little white animal. Then
he puts on his vest and his
jacket, and the little animal
brings him his Black Hat.
Then we can see the man walking.
down the street, I guess,
through the street with a lot of
people. We're seeing the
backside of him, but we can see
the animal, we can see all these
people walking around him as
well. So he's walking in a
crowd. There are some little
dragonflies flying through the
air and it looks like there's
some.
Like clotheslines with clothes
kind of hanging above these
people we see.
{Ohh boy.
Just out of curiosity, does it
go left and then to the right?
It's 2 pages, right? Right.
Yeah. OK, go down to. OK, all
right, to the other side. All
right, perfect.} So then in the
next scene, we see these men.
Holding like these long daggers,
um, I'm not sure what they're
doing with it. They're, they're
holding them out horizontally.
We see a picture of a man with
kind of like a sombrero. He's
got on a white collared shirt,
but his, his sleeves are kind of
rolled up and he has on a black
vest, and he's carrying a very
large basket filled with
something. And there are these
little animals that with their
mouths open and they have like
one eye in the center of them.
And they are. They're obviously
to eat. They want whatever the
man is going to hand them. From
this basket we can see a picture
of looks like a tabletop.
A woman dressed with a nice hat
looks like a man behind her with
kind of like an army uniform,
and I believe she's perhaps
buying something from the woman
on the other side of the table.
We have a.
A picture of I believe it's a
man who was kind of sitting off
on the street and.
Creating art and it's one of
these wheels, it's one of these
like round circular dinner
looking plates. It looks like
he's painting the triangular
geometric pattern to that plate,
like kind of like a street
vendor. We see a man on a ladder
on an out the outside of a
building and he is painting
something on the building.
And then we see a woman with a
very small cart and she can't
quite tell what it is, but
there's some kind of contraption
where it kind of like a food
cart, hot dog cart, where it
would open up, but I don't know
exactly what she has in there.
Then we see the man with his
little white animal friend
approach a door. We can see what
appears to be a cook come out.
The the man has on an apron and
a hat, and he's got a bowl with
like a spoon.
In his hand, the man is asking
him for something, but he puts
his hand up as if to say no.
We then see the man with the
little white animal friend go to
another man who's working on.
He's got a wrench and he has a
little animal friend that has
he's holding his other wrenches.
He appears to be working on the
back of something. I'm not sure
if it's something on a boat or a
clock, but he's fixing
something. Man appears to ask
him a question and he puts up
his hand as if to say no.
Then we see the man go into a
shop. There's a woman at the
counter. She's got kind of like
a bookshelf of of little pots
and plants behind her. And then
off to the side are these little
bowls or pots. And there's these
little little animals that are
sitting in those and he's asking
her something and she is holding
both of her hands up as if to
say no. Then we see the man back
out on the street with his
animal friend. There's.
Other people out on the street
as well, looks like they're in
front of one of these flying
boats, these big flying boats.
You can see the propeller for
the boat and he is asking
another man on the street
something and that man is
holding up his hand as well.
#END_arrival_5
OK, that was a lot. So, OK, it's
like a 10 minute break. OK, how
about 76745? We'll come back.
OK, that's fine. Cool. OK, no
break.
OK.
Did you eat?
You did.
For an hour I was in the
bathroom real quick.
I said around 8:00 or 8:30,
yeah, so I'm trying to.
Sorry.
What are we going to Kroger?
Just going to try to eat real
quick.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We can go ahead and move on to
the next one. OK, complex scene,
so just describe what you see.
Like between 3 to 5 minutes. So
I'll just let you know when the
time is up.
#START_exhibit_12 So we're
looking at a where's Waldo
scene.
It's got on the top left of the
picture. It has.
Like the scene card, but it's
got it's almost like a picture
frame that's blue, it's got
scalloped edges and it has red
little white circles that have
red question Marks and it says
exhibit 12, the Great Portrait
exhibition. And there are, it's
kind of like hanging on a wall.
It's a very, very large and off
of the wall is a balcony and it
is filled with people.
So there's all kinds of people
on this balcony. There is a
ladder on the right and the left
side of this picture, and
there's people on the ladder
that are helping to paint the
red exclamation points. There's
also.
I don't know what you call them.
It's, it's, it's not
scaffolding, but it's like kind
of like scaffolding, but it's
suspended from above. And there
are, you'll see it a lot when
people are working on the
outside of a building and
there's two of those kind of
hanging above the picture frame
and there's people in there and
they're also kind of leaning
over helping to paint the red
exclamation points.
We see people all over the
balcony, all the way on the
front side of the balcony to the
right. It has a staircase that
leads down below and that just
opens up to.
Just like a whole another level
and it's just filled with
people. A lot of the people in
this scene are carrying pictures
or are drawing or creating
pictures, so a lot of artists
are in here.
And there's people.
And then off from the balcony
there is another set of stairs,
sorry, on the backside, that
lead up to 1/3 bal to another
balcony. And that's all filled
with people as well. And there
does appear to be some kind of
like scaffolding on that wall
that people are climbing up and
people are putting portrait
pictures. They're hanging
portrait pictures all over the
walls on each of the levels. The
walls are all red in their
background, but there's
different portrait.
Pictures, different colored
picture frames, some green, some
blue, some gold, some purple.
And these people are just all
carrying different portraits and
pictures up and hanging it
wherever they can on the walls.
And I mentioned there were a lot
of artists. There's a lot of
people in costumes as well. We
see somebody with like a a space
suit on. We see somebody dressed
like a monk, like a Pilgrim.
There are some, there's like a
large group.
Coming in on kind of looks like
a like a, I don't know if it's a
like a parade boat. They look
like they could be police
officers.
Just all different types of
people dressed up.
Hanging these pictures lot very
very colorful. #END_exhibit_12
OK.
OK. OK.
And we can go on to the next
item.
OK, the complex scene, OK.
So.
This is also very similar to a
where's Waldo. So I don't think
it is where's Waldo, but it's
that style. #START_by_the_lake
We see a picture, it's titled by
the Lake and it says that it
actually asks you can you pick
out all 10 Penguins. So there
must be 10 Penguins hidden
throughout this particular
picture.
And it's kind of like the shore
of a beach that leads out into
the water. You do have some
little little rocks, clusters of
rocks off on the side a little
bit further back in the picture,
you're kind of looking straight
out of the water, but on each
side of the water is is land.
It's a little bit more greenery
than the beach that we have at
the bottom front of the picture,
but you can see houses,
different houses off to the
left.
And to the right that are kind
of like waterfront homes.
In the distance you do see a
bunch of like sailboats and
people out on boats in the
water. We do see people out at
one of the houses. They're kind
of having like a grill out
because you can see somebody
with a grill. They're sitting
out at a picnic table and then
as they get closer down to the
beach, obviously the beach is
filled with different people.
Kids. Adults. Men. Women.
There's a bunch of different,
uh, beach umbrellas people have
set up with like, beach chairs,
coolers, beach umbrellas.
There's off to the left, a game
of volleyball going. They've got
a volleyball net and they're
playing volleyball. There's
somebody, somebody flying a
kite, a kid who has a really
pretty colorful kite.
There is one boat that's kind of
up on the shore, and there's a
man playing guitar, kind of
leaning against the boat. People
are kind of sitting around
listening and watching him.
There's some kids building. Let
me just move you for a SEC.
There's some kids building.
A sandcastle.
There's somebody in like a raft.
There is a little dock off of
the beach that leads over to the
water and there's some people
that are fishing off of that
dock.
It looks like there's people on
rafts and canoes out on the
water. There's people on maybe
like jet skis, paddle boats,
kayaks. We see all different
kinds round inner tubes.
But just all different kinds of.
Uh.
What are the? I I guess there's
more sailboats up in the front,
but yeah, just all different
kinds of.
Water vehicles and and things
for the water. People are out in
the water enjoying themselves.
There's even a dog like on the
edge of the beach that's kind of
a happy to see its its human
person who's coming to hug it,
pool noodles.
People in a lot of the people in
the boats are do have on life
vests, which is good.
And trying to think of what else
we can.
I can kind of say about it.
Uh.
There's a man and a woman kind
of holding hands, walking the
beach. A kid with a net. People
sitting on the rocks and going
swimming. There is a swan over I
think it's a swan or a duck over
in the and it's a swan over in
the water.
Oh wait, I do see a Penguin. I
did find one Penguin, amazingly
enough.
Oh, and then there are there's a
couple like teams. It looks like
maybe there's a a rowing team on
a boat that has like a dragon
kind of like head. And then
there's also people who are like
water skiing and they are
forming a pyramid. So there is
12345678, there's nine on the
bottom, there's six on the that
they're holding up above them,
three on top of them, and then
two and then one person all the
way up. So that's kind of cool.
#END_by_the_lake
OK. Yeah, we're good. OK, the
next one.
It's a story, so OK.
And I'll go through the pages.
So tell the story, what you see
and what is happening. Let me go
through it.
#START_return OK, so I know
we've seen this story before.
This one's titled for my parents
and it's another most kind of
looks like a water colored.
It's, it's kind of predominantly
brown and white, but it's more
less charcoal and more like a
watercolor and it's on the left
hand side we see the, we see a
small sreet, we see the edge of.
The like an apartment building.
We see some bigger size scrapers
and buildings off in the
distance with some trees, some
stop sign or I'm sorry, street
signs and stop lights. And then
we see this one particular house
or building and it's got the
front steps or four steps. But
we see as if you've cut the
house open in half, we can see
the inside of the House and the
different rooms. So when you
enter into the.
Apartment or the residents.
You've got the main little like
foyer area. There's like a coat
rack. There's a doorway that
leads up to a stairwell. There's
a mirror on the wall, little
hall table with a lamp and a
plant. Some pictures on the
wall. The room behind that is
the kitchen. We can see the
cabinets, we can see the sink,
the oven. There's a oven, vent
hood drawers. Behind that is a
little hallway that has a set of
stairs.
And on the other side of that
wall is.
The door to a bedroom.
And that particular bedroom is
that of a little girl who has a
red crayon. And even though the
pic the main picture, is kind of
brown and white, she is in
color. And anything that she
draws with the red crayon is in
color. She also has, let's see,
she's got her bed and a map of
the world on the wall. There's a
window, a dresser. She's got a
little lamp and a wastebasket.
She.
It looks like she's drawn like a
little hot air balloon and I
forget what this something else
that's purple. There's a couple
items that are purple on the bed
I can't make out, but she's
currently holding a red ball and
she is drawing a red arched
doorway on the wall to her
bedroom. And then real quick
above her bedroom is on the 2nd
floor is a little bathroom. You
can see a pedestal sink, a
mirror, some pictures and
lights. On the other side of
that it appears that there is
another bedroom.
You can see an Ottoman with the
cat sleeping on it and the
window. Then we see.
Uh, two other rooms. One's like
a little living area we can. We
see a couch and a TV, pictures
on the wall. And then that front
room is a man who is in his
office. He's got a bookshelf
with books on it. He's got a
picture hanging on the wall. He
has one of those, like, little
art desks. Umm, I forget what
they're called, but they they
move kind of like an easel. It
kind of moves. And he is
drawing. He's got a light
overhead and he is drawing.
On that art board. But the
little girl is down in her
bedroom. She is drawing a red
door and we will see where that
door leads.
Oh, oh, I guess I forgot to
mention the man who is drawing
in his little Art Room, there
was a red kite that was drawn
and left behind in that room. So
in the next scene we see the
man, but we're really focusing
on him at his his art table.
He's sitting on his stool at the
art table, and he looks back
behind him and he sees the red
kite. So he gets off of the
stool, he goes down, he picks up
the kite and looks a little
inquisitive.
And then we see he leaves the
kite on the floor and then we
see him in the bedroom of the
little girl, and there the red
door that she has drawn is now
open and he is kind of peering
down through that door to see
what's on the other side.
And when he comes through that
red door onto the other side, he
enters the forest with all of
the there's all these really,
really tall trees, and there are
lanterns, these really pretty
lanterns, kind of like Chinese
lanterns hanging down with the
like tassels at the bottom. And
they're just really cool shapes
and designs, and they're kind of
hanging from the trees, lighting
it up. There's also string
lights, like little string
globe.
Sites that are hanging from the
trees to help light it up, as
well as these little yellow
orbs, but it looks like they
might be like lightning bugs.
And the man comes out, he does
see the water in the center. On
the other side of the water is
this red ball that's sitting on
like a dock, like a wooden dock
that hangs over the water.
And the man crosses, somehow
crosses the water. He picks up
the red ball. He's standing on
the edge of the dock and he's
looking over and there is this,
this boat, this big kind of, I
don't know what that looks like,
maybe like it kind of looks like
a deer, like the the head and
the face.
Looks like a deer. It has a
green eye and then it goes down
and it has. It goes down to the
base of the boat and it's.
The back of it is like a tail.
It's almost like a.
Like a webbed foot, like you
would find on like an amphibian,
like a wet web or a webbed foot
of some sort. But it's, it's
kind of curved and that's the
back part of this boat. And the
man. So the boat comes along the
dock, the man hops on to the
boat with his red ball and is
off.
And this this little boat takes
him to the castle. We've I'm
pretty sure we've seen this
castle before as well and
there's like wooden doors that
open on the waterway it's like a
little canal and the boat is
taking him through these doors
and under the it's it's it's I
guess it's not a castle it's
like castle like structure but
it's really like a a city so
there's different buildings.
Umm.
So he's going into this little
city through the wooden doors
and he.
The next scene we can see on one
of the bridges leading to the
other side of the city, the
little girl, and she is in a
little like red, like a little
red rowboat that she's traveling
through on the waterway.
We then see the boat kind of
dock at.
At I guess at the dock center
and in front of when he, the man
exits the boat, he does leave
the red ball behind. We can see
the little girl's red little
rowboat has been left behind in
the waterway and we can see
little girl heading up the steps
to where the little boy is. And
then that older man that they
met that time under the bridge
is there with this little
purple.
Uh.
Like, hawk. Like not a hawk, but
like a, I guess like a hawk. And
there are people on each side of
the waterway kind of dressed in
military uniforms, and they're
holding trumpets. And the man
and the boy are waiting to greet
this girl, and this other man is
kind of running after her. And
then we see the man.
Go up, we can see that there is
like a royal chair that has
three seats.
And little girl has got her arms
crossed and she's staring at the
chair. Little boy is behind her.
He's got his purple pen and the
little bird on his shoulder. And
then the older man is kind of
back looking at them. And then
this other man kind of comes up
to them. And the little boy,
little girl and the older man
are all three wearing a crown.
And so this is like a royal seat
for them.
We then can see and they're on.
They're under like a, like a
pergola. It's like a there's a
top structure to it, but it's
not enclosed at all. It's kind
of open aired. We can see then
on the other side.
This another kind of like a deer
boat that brings a different man
who's in like body armor and I'm
pretty sure we've seen him
before as well. He's carrying.
I feel like it's a cage of some
sort anyway. The two young kids,
little boy, little girl, the
older man, and then the
neighbor.
All appear startled and
frightened by this man. And we
can see in the next picture that
this guy, this man with the body
armor, and he has, he has like a
crew that also has body armor
and daggers and they're running
up the steps.
Towards them we see the older
man with his arm outstretched up
in the air. He is holding his
orange crayon and he is holding
a little boy behind him and the
little girl, and the bird and
the other man are back behind
them.
Now we can see the man drawing
with his orange crayon a line
from the air from as far he had
had his arm up, and he's now
drawing it down and everybody
else is behind him. And we
realize that he is drawing like
a sword of some sort. And then
we see he's at the top of the
stairs, we see him with the
sword, but we see this other man
with this body.
Armor and he's carrying. I
thought it was a cage, but it's
it's a box of some sort and it
has like a crank arm that you
would turn on the right hand
side and then it opens up on the
front, kind of like an old style
camera or.
Yeah, like an old style camera
box. But we see in the picture
that the man this box, what it
does is it grabs the crayons
that the man had holstered in.
He had that belt holstered on
his chest like across his body
with the different crayons. We
see this box when the man cranks
the arm on it, it draws the
crayons out of the possession of
the man.
So we see the blue crayon go in
the green, the yellow, and even
the orange crayon from the man,
as well as the sword, this
orange sword that he drew. And
this box is like sucking it up,
almost kind of like a vacuum.
And then we see some of his, the
crew members that are also
dressed in body armor with like
these daggers.
Take the older man and they they
grab him and they have
possession of him and he is
reaching back to the others, but
the man with the box and the
body armor is running towards.
The two kids and the neighbor.
Um, but then we see the little
boy pull out his purple crayon
and he begins to draw what
appears to be like a wing. And
we can see the neighbor behind
him, the little girl and little
purple bird, or standing right
behind him and in the distance
we see this man with the box
running towards them. But then
we see that the little boy, the
neighbor.
Little girl and the purple bird
have made it onto this creature
that the little boy has drawn.
It's a purple, kind of like a
Pegasus creature.
I guess kind of like that it's
got wings, like a Pegasus, and
this creature is carrying them
off. It can fly because it has
wings, so it's carrying them off
into the sky, and the man with
the box and the body armor is at
the edge of this.
He's like at the edge of the.
God, my words are escaping me
tonight.
It's like a, I guess like a like
a balcony or a railing for the
the curved balcony and he's like
standing up there trying to
reach after them, but they are
in front of him and able to
escape him and they're flying
over the water.
We then see, uh, the three of
them riding this purple Pegasus
and we can see the man and his
crew do have this older man kind
of taken hostage. They're back
on this little boat. It's the
it's kind of the deer boat with
the webbed.
Background and they're flying
behind them and the man has the
box and he's cranking it and he
is trying to suck the purple in
the back part of this Pegasus
into the box so that the animal
will disappear and he can get
them and they're they're flying
high above bridges and open sea
water and above the the town.
Oh boy. Next thing we know, we
see a lot of feathers. We see a
lot of feathers in the sky, and
we can see that the man with the
box has been able to kind of
suction in or vacuum in the
majority of this Pegasus animal.
And all that's left behind are
these purple.
Feathers, we do see that.
The little boy, because they
have, because the animal is
gone, they're kind of free
floating in the air. We do see
that the little boy is able to
grab a hold of the older man
who's on the back of this deer,
deer ship, flying deer ship, and
the older man is leaning over
holding on to the little boy.
Then we see the little girl with
the neighbor and he is holding
on to her wrist but her.
Crown is coming off of her head
now. She does still have the
bird, and she does still have
her red crayon.
And we see them. Those two, the
neighbor and little girl, fall
into the water.
You can see there's like a
little bit of an under
underwater city with some some
greenery and plants, sea plants
that's under there. We do see
little like goldfish that are
kind of swimming through, but
they kind of plunge down into
the water both the neighbor and
little and the purple bird. She
does take her red crayon though
and the Crown also sinks down to
the bottom. Sorry, I forgot
that. The Crown you can see
sinking down to the bottom of
the sea floor, but she pulls out
her red crayon.
And she begins to make
something. It's like 2/3 of the
way, the shape of an Oval like
pill, but then on the other end
it becomes a harder, more
triangular shaped.
Shape. I don't know. I don't
know what it is yet. OK, now we
see a picture with.
I don't know what that is. I
think it's just supposed to be
one big picture and it's below
the water. We can again still
see the sea floor and plants and
little fish and everything, but
what the girl has has drawn is
kind of like a red submarine.
And we can kind of see as if it
was cut in half. We can kind of
see the inside of it. We have
the girl on the top half where
there is a feeling that I need
to study submarines now. There's
some kind of a.
A little.
Oh boy. What do you call those?
The piece that sticks up outside
of the water.
And she's operating that I would
imagine. So that they have some
kind of has something to do with
the air. It does have a
propeller in the back, so it's
propelling to move along. In the
front part of the like submarine
is the little purple bird. It's
controlling something. And in
the main section we have the
neighbor who is sitting down
controlling something.
Then we're able to see the
submarine. It is kind of like
docked up on a little like cave.
It's come to like this little
cave area and there's a bunch of
rocks and so they kind of pull
over to the rocks and and stop
they get out of the from the top
of the submarine. So they're
standing on the very top of the
submarine and they can see.
I guess what appears to be.
Drawings or writings that are
carved into the stone or drawn
on the stone.
Kind of like hieroglyphics.
But it's pictures of looks like
pictures of people, primarily
women, that I see. Maybe there's
a man here and there too and
kids. There's also some other
shapes. I'm not quite sure what
they are, but there's some
shapes that looks like some like
maybe doors or some boats that
are drawn on there. I'm not
quite sure exactly what the
scene is saying, but it's
definitely a a picture scene
within.
The stone, and they're kind of
peering up looking at that.
Um, they get off of the
submarine. They kind of walk in
more towards a little bit into
The Cave.
And the girl is pointing up at,
oh, the little girl's pointing
up at one of the picture scenes.
And you can see she's showing
the neighbor and the bird is
kind of behind them, perched on
something. You can see there is
the drawing of a person holding
a crayon, and another person
with this box in the box is
sucking whatever has been drawn
from the crayon, so.
Kind of a picture depicting
exactly what they just went
through. Is is inside this cave.
There's also a little doorway
inside The Cave as well.
Um.
Once these, ohh once they.
After they see this picture,
they turn around and they
realize that.
The deer boat ship has come upon
this cave as well. There's
still, I still see the see think
I see the little boy and the
older man on the back. They're
both kind of like prisoners on
the back of the ship. And the
man with the box has stepped off
and has come closer into The
Cave to try to get them. They're
kind of hiding behind a a side
stone and the next thing we.
We see, we see the bird. We see
the man actually holding the
crayon. He's holding a brown
crayon it looks like. So this is
a new color that for us. And he
pulls out a brown crayon. He
begins to draw like a doorway,
something that looks like a
doorway and like a little swing
for the bird to sit on.
And.
OK, we see the little girl and
the neighbor kind of hiding
behind this stone still, but we
realize what the man has built
is this little.
Box, it's almost like a like a
telephone booth type of a thing,
but it's it's open on all sides,
it's closed at the top. It's
kind of like a cage actually.
And the side doors are kind of
like a cage, but they're down
and they're acting almost as if
it's a ramp to get up into the
cage. And in the center part is
the swing and little Purple bird
is swinging on the swing and
next thing you know the man runs
up one of the cage door ramps.
And he's got the box, and he's
trying to suck the bird into the
box. But what happens is the box
goes flying out of his hands.
You can see two feathers from
the bird kind of come out of the
box. And the man is then inside
of this cage and the doors flip
up and contain him in the cage.
And then you see a picture of
the man in the cage and the
neighbor and the little girl.
The neighbor is holding.
This box that he, the other man,
was carrying behind his head as
if he's going to throw it.
And when he does, he smashes it
down to the ground and the box
kind of goes into a million
pieces. And out of the box comes
this really, really, really
bright light. And the light, in
addition to the light comes all
of the colors of the crayons
that the box had had suctioned
in. We see the purple
bird fly out, we see the purple
Pegasus fly out, we see a green
dragonflies, blue birds, blue
butterflies, green yellow
butterflies. And there's just
swirls of the different colors.
So there's a a swirl of blue
that then kind of leads into
purple and then that leads into
red and then that leads to
orange, to yellow, to green. And
it's just swirls of color that
are coming out and out through
the and out from the cavern.
And it's very bright. And the
other crew members that are back
on that little deer boat are
kind of being blinded by the
colors and the light, as is the
man in the cage.
And then we see the little boy
and the older man get off the
boat. We see different colored
birds flying through the the
sky. We see the Pegasus carrying
the man in the cage away. And we
see the little boy and the man
with their crown, and the little
girl and the neighbor kind of
standing at the edge of The Cave
looking out into the water.
Um, in the next picture we see
them at that little door that
was in The Cave. We see the
little girl with her crayon in
her back shorts pocket and she
is hugging the neighbor. And
then the man in the I'm sorry,
the older man and the little boy
are kind of standing off with
the purple bird to the side.
Oh, and then on the I'm sorry,
the the door and The Cave is
open ajar just a little bit and
you can see that the edge of the
red kite that was in that man's
apartment is kind of come
through the doorway, a little
bit. You can see the edge of it
in the doorway.
And then we then we have the
picture back to the House that
the little girl and the man or
that residence that they live
in. I'm thinking it might be 2
separate apartments, but we see.
That that little door in The
Cave leads to the man's little
Art Room and office. And the
doors open and there's a bright
light and we see out in the
front of the building. We can
see the main door to the
building above the steps is open
and you can see a kite, a red
kite that's being flown out on
the street. #END_return
That was the story was great.
OK, so we're gonna do.
A couple more, OK.
Alright, let's see.
#START_picture_this All right,
so we've it looks like we have
another wal. Where's Waldo? This
one is entitled picture this.
That scene card is written on a
piece of notebook paper that
comes out of like a spiral
notebook. So when you tear it,
the little edges are still on
the paper and kind of torn. {And
it's about there's it says
there's four characters that
appear twice in the display, but
it's a.}
It's a collage of different
framed portraits, so the people
that we see in this one are all
in individual framed portraits,
if that makes sense. So it's
just literally a collage of
framed portraits in each
portrait has a different.
Person in it in a different
scene. We've got and they're all
different colors. Some of the
backgrounds are yellow, some are
a pale or yellow, green, pink.
There's like a pale blue-green.
And there's.
Trying to figure out the theme
of these people.
Let's see. We see. We see some
Cavemen. We see some Vikings. We
see some like jokers or clowns.
We see like bodybuilders,
Cowboys. We see a cactus person.
We see a witch. We see.
Uh, let's see.
Huh. Now it looks like maybe a
wizard. In that one we see a man
looks like sumo wrestlers, two
sumo wrestlers. We see.
Ah, we do have a couple that
have animals. Looks like there's
one with the deer looks like,
one with a cat, one with the.
Feel like that's almost kind of
like a hippopotamus maybe?
Yeah, just different. There's
one that has a hand, it has a
picture of like somebody's
fingers and I don't know what
they are like on the knuckles,
but it's got some kind of, I
don't know, maybe a tattoo on
the knuckles or they're maybe
they're wearing like rings like
a.
Knuckle brace of some sort.
There's a fish that has like
human legs and feet.
Lots of different interest,
interesting things.
There's another. Let's see,
there's a dog. There's a woman
pouring water on three men who
are laying down. There is looks
like a bear that is got a
caveman tied up in a rope maybe.
A witch, I did say that one
already. Three ducks.
It's an interesting there's two
like two young guys next to a
palm tree, and it looks like
maybe there's coconuts falling
out. #END_picture_this
Oh boy. OK.
OK.
This will likely be our last
one. #START_make_a_splash OK,
this one's called making splash.
This is another.
Um, it's another where where's
Waldo? Esque type. I don't think
it's where's Waldo, but it's
that type of a picture scene. It
is looks like it's a water park
and again it's it asks you to
take if you can see all 10
Penguins, but it's got the water
shoots, you know the like tubes
that are that come out of the
mountain and sometimes they're
completely covered up and so
you're going through.
You wouldn't. You what you do is
you start at the beginning and
you slide down. There's water on
the bottom and you slide down
through the tube, and then
there's portions of the tube
where it opens up. So it's just
the bottom half you're sliding
on, but it's open air. There's
three of those. There's one
green, one yellow and one red,
and they're all kind of
intertwined and tangled
together. And there's kids and
adults that are sliding down
those. And then at the end it
leads into the main body of
water.
Which is filled with people.
There's a long line of people to
get to the inner the the tubes,
but then there's also all kinds
of people in the water. Once you
slide out of the tubes that are
swimming in the water, there is.
There is a ship there. It looks
like there's an inner tube canal
in the waterway where people are
on like yellow inner tubes.
Those are always fun where you
sit kind of on them and you lean
back on them.
There is a ship, it looks like a
pirate type ship and there's
people on the ship and it's got
kind of a bigger water slide
that you can slide down from the
top of the ship down into the
water.
There is looks like there is a
dragon, and I don't know if
that's a part of the ship or
just something else, but it
looks like there's a dragon and
he curls around and there's
people kind of hanging on him
and he's spouting out water from
his mouth.
There's another slide that is
open. I forget what they call
those, but it's an open slide,
so you slide down.
And it's different colors. So
it's like the first lane, it's
got like 5 lanes, I think to it.
And the 1st lane is red, next
one is orange, the third one is
yellow. Oh no, it's got six,
then green, then blue and then
the darker blue, which looks
like it might be a purple. And
you start up high and it curves
like down a hill and it's, it's
like a water slide that you go
down. So there's kids and people
that are sliding down that into
the water. There are two.
I don't know what they're. They
kind of look like mushrooms,
ones bigger. It's green with
little white specks. The other
one is smaller with red with
white specks. And it's one of
those things where there's water
that comes around the edge of
it, so you can kind of stand
under it and it'll rain kind of
on top of you.
There is a little on the other
side of the waterway. There is
like a little bridge and a
little walkway that people are
walking on. There's a lifeguard
on a life chair under an
umbrella. You've got kids
squirting water guns at people.
There's a little grassy area
where people have towels laid
out and they're laying down and
chatting and getting just
enjoying the sun.
And there is looks like there's
a snake in the water. It looks
like a big snake that people are
kind of sitting on. There's also
an elephant over along the canal
that the inner tubes are coming
down and out of his trunk is
spraying water. So as you come
down the canal with the inner
tubes, you get wet from the
elephant.
And then there's looks like I
see a couple of lifeguards
actually.
Yeah, I'm trying to think if I
missed anything else.
But yeah, just people enjoying
time out at the lake or the
water, the water park.
#END_make_a_splash OK, well,
thank you. That's all for today.
OK, recording.